293 parser tutorial with exercise (#294)
FAIRmat-NFDI/nomad-docs: docs/tutorial/develop_plugin/create_parser_hybrid.md

# Matching and creating an ELN entry (Hybrid Approach)

> Users often prefer a hybrid approach, where the data is pre-filled automatically from the input files, but the subsequent manual edits are also saved in the entry. Both the original information and the edited values are saved in this approach.

Reviewer: This is not really true! The information from the file will be overwritten by the user. I would change this to something like:

```suggestion
Users often prefer a hybrid approach of tutorial 1 and 2, where raw files can be matched automatically (as in tutorial 1) but an ELN is generated for users to provide input. The data is then read from the raw file in the `normalize` method (as in tutorial 2). 
```

> This can be achieved by creating two entries during parsing. The first one is a non-editable "Raw Data File" entry, and the second one is the user-editable version with populated schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be achieved by matching the raw file but only creating a minimal "Raw Data File" entry. The parser than selects and creates an appropriate ELN entry with the reading logic in its `normalize` method.
```

Realizing this approach requires multiple steps from the developer. To simplify the process, we created a specialized `ElnParserEntryPoint` class which redefines a standard `ParserEntryPoint`. The specific classes for botha: the  Raw Data File entry and the ELN can be selected by the developer.

## Tutorial instructions

!!! question "Tutorial 3.1"

>     Please switch to the parser tutorial 3 by commenting lines corresponding to `tutorial_2` and uncommenting line corresponding to `tutorial_3` in the `[project.entry-points.'nomad.plugin']` section of the `pyproject.toml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Please switch to the parser tutorial 3 by commenting out lines corresponding to `tutorial_2` and uncommenting the lines corresponding to `tutorial_3` in the `[project.entry-points.'nomad.plugin']` section of the `pyproject.toml`.
```

!!! question "Tutorial 3.2"
    Define the appropriate parser entry point in the `__init.py__` file of the parsers folder. Note that the `OpticalMicroscopy` schema and its normalization is almost exactly the same as in the previous tutorial, and therefore all the manual user updates in the ELN will be correctly saved to the entry archive. The only difference is the inheritance from `ElnParserSection` instead of usual `EntryData`.

    You can find the file in the `tutorial-mode` branch under `src / nomad_plugin_tutorials / parsers / tutorial_3 / parsers / __init__.py`. Read the instructions in the code for more information.

??? success "Tutorial 3.2: Solution"

    ```py
    from nomad.config.models.plugins import ElnParserEntryPoint

    microscopy = ElnParserEntryPoint(
        name='Parser Tutorial 3: Microscopy Parser',
        description='Microscopy parser entry point.',
        mainfile_name_re=r'.*\.xml$',
        eln_m_def='nomad_plugin_tutorials.parsers.tutorial_3.schema.schema_package.'
        'OpticalMicroscopy',
    )
    ```

> ## Hybrid approach: the outcome

Reviewer: Again, add the testing here.
